The Joe Rogan experience.
I remember when I'm doing this podcast and he found out that I
actually knew Moses Malone, like no Moses Malone.
How do you know Moses Malone? Um, most of the longest, like, uh,
very before he passed. So the,
the first guy who ever, um, invested in my career,
his name is Anthony Colbert. And he, um,
he was the first people to sign Destiny's child. They had,
he had a music company with mobile. It's called Mo music.
And he had been friends with mold for years.
So he would mold would be at his office all the time.
And we was in the same building.
I worked for this record label called key players. I was the record pool.
I gave all the DJs, they records. So I would organize records,
give them out to DJs. When I first came home.
So Moses would be downstairs and with Colbert and
he introduced me to Moses.
And so after that, Moses would always recognize me.
So then one day Moses, like yo H
Cohen don't want to go to lunch. He ain't got time. You going to go lunch?
I'm like, yeah, I'm going to lunch with Moses alone.
It's this strip club called treasures. He loved going to
in Houston called charges, chief,
best buffet in town, best buffet in town. I'm like, huh?
This is the best buffet in town lane. Are we,
are we going to show club? We going to eat, this is the best buffet in Thai.
You understand what I'm saying to you?
I go in it's my first time ever having food, going to a strip club for food.
I'm like, oh, okay. So eating there. And the buffet is a huge buffet.
Like a chef it's lit up. It looked like a cafeteria, the little lamps,
but it's all these naked women in here, you know? I'm like, oh, okay.
So you like, you like crab with your crab. He was like, man, um, look here now.
This is the buffet I say.
So we all get about is the buffet or is the strip club? So it's another,
it's a male strip club called a bear in Houston. I said, so
all the men is here.
If this buffet was in LaBear,
would you go, well, hell no, I wouldn't go. I said,
it's not the best buffet in town. It's got with this buffet.
This is what is important about this buffet.
Because if it was penis with the buffet, you wouldn't go eat the buffet.
He was like, yeah, pretty much correct. And that's how me and Moses got tight,
argued about treasures in the buffet and known him ever since.
So when he passed, I was at his funeral and we used to talk all the time.
I've been mad at Moses one time, over a motorcycle seat.
And this is when you can't.
I learned that you really can't tell people what to do with they,
they own money. Ali, you funny, man. You funny? If I say, well,
why don't you invest in my career? How much you need,
how much you need leave about $5,000 to get, you know,
press kit and all this other stuff done.
Moses totally ignored me after that. Right?
Eight months later, randomly talking me, him, Colbert, Luke,
randomly talking. He's telling him about that.
He replaced the seat on his motorcycle
just because in the seat cost him $5,000. And I am.
Like he has no idea why I've even made. I'm like,
so you a motorcycle seat. It's like, yeah.
I just walked out and slammed the door. He was like, you know, he mad at you.
Cause he asked you to give him $5,000 to further his career.
And you didn't never say anything. So what do you made about,
cause you just spent $5 on a motorcycle seat that you didn't have to change and
you could have helped them. He was like, well.
I can't tell them how to spend my money.
It's like he got an alligator motorcycle seat with an M on it.
All. I get.
Nice seat. I sounds good, but I want it. I get it.
You know, in retrospect though,
you happy that you didn't get the money from him.
I'm excited.
I was because I think that it would have probably changed how we interacted.
For sure. You know?
And you know, it's, it's, it's things that as an adult, you know,
why you don't, you understand why you didn't get it as a comic. You have,
you definitely have to understand that as a comic. Cause you know how we are,
I'm not getting something right.
And we feel like we've been rejected or pushed to the side and then you
start some kind of start getting better.
Cause they feel like other people getting other opportunities for sometime it's
not for you in that particular space. It's been,
it's been shows that haven't been for me and I've been
cool with it. Then there's been shows that I thought that wasn't for me,
that I got off.
We have the benefit of hindsight.
You have the benefit of becoming successful and then looking back and go, oh,
all those things that went wrong.
That's probably good because you develop more character,
you understand the business better and reaching out for someone to help you.
It rarely really helps you. You think it's gonna help you,
but it's gonna your relationship with that person because you're gonna have to
pay them back quickly. And you're probably not going to be able to. Yeah.
And then it's also gonna,
you're gonna know that you had to borrow money from somebody, you know,
when you know, you just did it yourself. It's like, you have a piece,
like I'm a self-made man. You can look at it that way.
And be easy. And who wants to be around like,
yo you see right there, you know, I made it right.
Like that would be the worst. Yeah. So my poverty, yo, so you know,
Joe Rogan, right? I'm the, I'm the one that gave him all this to start.
His podcast never brings me up.
[Inaudible] catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free.
Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.